In the last we did, we got all the things started, all the existing sale was started.
Now we need to be moving on and see how we can re navigating between all those applications.
So what is the objective here?
Now, let me just go to my online application.
So we have this main page.
Now, my objective is whenever I click on any of this movie titles, I need to be taken to the details
page.
So what does the detail page look like?
So it's basically our page right here.
So we need to be showing the image, some description regarding that movie, which we just selected,
and we have the option of booking that movie.
So this is going to be our details page.
Similarly, when I go to the book button and I select all the items here and then I click on book,
I need to be taken to the movie booking page.
So this is going to be a site selection or a booking page.
Now, again, over here, we're going to be showing the image of the item that was selected, the date
and the time selected as well.
So after that, you can just go ahead, select the number of seats and then click on the book button
and the booking should be done.
So that's our objective.
Now, how do you achieve this objective?
What what is going to be our strategy for that?
Now, since all these applications are hosted differently, we need a content that's going to be managing
all the separate applications.
Let me just go to the diagram that I've created here.
Now we have this three applications already started the homepage, the details page app and the seat
selection app.
Now, what we're looking to do here is we are going to be creating a new application.
This application is probably going to be called as the, let's say, movie booking application.
So this is going to be managing all the coordination between the different applications.
So let's say, for example, we are on the road called as slash.
So whenever we are on the root road, we need the homepage application to be loaded.
Let me quickly put this at the back.
So we are going to be loading this homepage road or the homepage application policy.
And once we are going to be navigating to a new layout, let's suppose we click on that button and then
we go to the details page.
So that's details.
We are going to be sort of removing this from here and then we are going to be pulling up the next application
and loading it into our main container.
And similar thing is going to be done for the seat selection application.
Now all this is going to be done using a library of React called React Out.
So we have like a common library.
So let me just give it a name as maybe react to.
So this is going to be a library that is going to be used for managing the routing.
So this is going to be sitting at the root level or the base level of that application.
So whenever we switch between the application, the main routing does not change.
It still remains there managing all the routing.
So this is our strategy, how to be implementing it.
So let's go to our code and see how this can be done.
So let me switch to my code base.
And in this code base, you're going to be finding a new folder, and that's going to be the number
one folder called Movie App.
So what do you need to be doing this?
Just copy this movie app folder since it has all the basic rules set up.
And I'm just going to be pasting it into the 11.1 folder.
Let's give this a new name.
Let's just call it movie app instead of the number.
And let's start of this hour as well.
So I'm just opening up a new terminal window and this is going to be our file application, trust me.
And in here, we are going to go to that folder.
So let's say 11.1 movie app.
Let's get the dependencies and start by saying NPM install.
Okay.
So we have a dependencies there.
Let me just clear this off and see and NPM run, serve.
Okay.
So our application starts off.
Please note the port numbers.
We're starting off on port number 9000.
All of my other microphone intents are on board 3000 something and also a swing.
The apples on board Phi Phi.
Phi Phi.
Okay.
So we have this router out, which is the home page load.
Then we have some other outs as well.
So we got like this booking also slash book so we can do this booking application here.
And we also have the details.
So if I just go to the details, we see the details page here.
So in short, we just need to be putting all our components here.
Sounds easy, right?
Well, it is kind of easy.
Only they are going to be few gotchas that we need to be careful when we are using the routing.
Okay.
But Doctor, let me just give you a quick overview of how this application has been set up.
So if I just open I'm doing a movie application, it's pretty much the same as all our other React application.
The only difference is if I go to the CRC folder Open App Dogs instead of having a traditional application
or comprende loaded here we have like this react router dom loaded.
And in this we are basically switching between the roles.
So we have like the details throughout the booking route and the root out setup here.
So our objective is going to be having all those micro fronts load up over here instead of all the static
components that are being loaded, which is these right here.
So we know our objective.
Let's take a short break and start achieving this routing.